Going through the Computer Science program at SNHU has helped me to learn how to use many programs that I had always wanted to learn, but found too abstract or hard to self-learn at the time. My goal coming into this program was to learn front end development, and SNHU was able to help me with that by teaching me how to use Visual Studio and the C++ console app initially. I also learned skills for the Android Operating System and can easily build and deploy apps through Android Studio. SNHU also helped to embed a more security-oriented mindset for myself that I will continue to incorporate into my future projects.

I am so grateful for the guidance on how to make our GitHub repositories more collaborative and how to modularize our code so it is easier to read and find items at a later point in time. Working with some of the other students last year on our team discussion post researching and debating best practices on security was also a noteworthy moment for me. We had several times where we role played throughout different terms with stakeholders, the CEO once, and just our “boss”, and I feel that experience and the feedback received has helped me to be more confident in sharing my ideas. Now that I have reached the end of my journey here at SNHU, I can confidently say that if asked of me I could create a database for my users, add data structures and algorithms, and build more secure software.
     
My artifact for my Computer Science Capstone is MODWIN, it meets all the enhancements and course outcomes asked of us this term. The project needed a front end or a GUI to make it more accessible for normal everyday users, it also needed more safety features built in, like warnings when the user is about to select a potentially dangerous option, or ways to escape operations when the user desires. The project also needed a way to convey to the user what the apps, packages and features actually do, before they go off and uninstall everything. Lastly, to meet the final outcome, the project needed a way to algorithmically sort the displayed apps, packages, and features, and filter them. All of these outcomes were achieved.

All of these skills will help me to be able to pursue a career in the field, I find cyber security interesting and systems administration interesting. I also enjoy writing and making guides, so I intend to start learning how to do bug bounties now that college is over and I can dedicate all my free time towards learning this new discipline. More so than pursuing employment, I will pursue knowledge in the Computer Sciences, to try to continue to produce free Open Source software for my friends. Thank you to all my Professors at SNHU for helping me to achieve this Milestone in my life.
